Okay,
John,
hopefully this is going to help you work out how I put together that formula that I post it
to you now for everyone else.
Journals question Waas.
He has a spreadsheet with three columns of data headed calls.
Text on data on what we want to do is if there is no value,
they should be.
No,
it has no value in any in all of these cells.
We want to return a blank column day.
But there's a value in any of these cells.
What we want to do is returned the head in for that particular column in Collin de.
Okay,
so the way Well,
about this Waas will do the simple part.
First it's a nested if formula.
So what we end dues were going to say equals if open rackets which Mr Mitt,
if over rackets the some of these is greater than sorry is equal to zero.
So that is we have a zero value in every one of them.
Return a blank.
Failing that for now.
What we're gonna do Say something else So they get something else.
Let me just put that right.
Something else So they go.
So we can see as we have values in these that some evaluates to more than zeros that
therefore we get our false statement or something else.
So let's copy that them.
When we can see there on the blanks,
it returns a blank.
So it's perfectly fine that that works for our first test.
Now,
our second tests is another.
If test,
we're gonna build individually and then put them all together at the end.
So we're going to say is if open rackets,
this cell value is greater than zero,
then return the value in a two.
So we're just going to click a two and hit F four because we always want to return the
value in a to at least for column A.
So they were going to say,
Come up.
So that's our value for sure.
In the value of its false is gonna be a double quotes,
which is a blank.
So and so they go now I'm just gonna copy the understand So we can see now that for every
time we have a value in column,
I will return in the word calls here on where we don't have a value in column a it's just
returned in the blank,
which is our false statement.
So there's gonna quickly do that for the other One was so equals.
If that is greater than zero,
return the F four because we want to return the absolute value.
Double quotes have not returned like enter.
So there we get the word text.
And finally,
if open rackets that is greater than zero return.
See,
too at full,
absolute cell reference because we always one returned.
Absolute See Absolute for Comer.
If it ain't true,
return a blank.
So there you go.
So you can see that that works.
Whips Let me cover that.
Now there is piecemeal met.
What we want to do is join these strings together.
So what we're gonna use here is a concatenation cattle which we have used before.
We're going to say this comma,
this comma,
this close brackets and there we can see that we need to modify our formula slightly
because what we have is literally called text data with no space in between.
So we're going to go back to this cell and we're gonna change our true evaluation.
So we're absolutely going to return the absolute a absolute to sell value.
Andi whips,
miss it quotes space quote so they can see in this.
Formally we get calls with the space between the word text There we Excuse me.
We need to do that on this one too.
So immediately after the true statement and before we get to the comment for the full
statement on day quotes,
space quotes and we don't need to do for the last one because state or is the last word
until aerated.
Then I think I missed it there.
Andi looks like it worked.
Long text didn't know.
Sorry.
Copy that.
Now,
having a eso calls text data.
So they're the individual elements here evaluated.
They're all blank and if so,
return blank,
if not something else and that something else is going to be built out of these.
So if we modified our comm cattle ation formula first,
what we can see is we're looking at e three.
So what we can do is copy the value or the formula out of e three.
So just copy that.
Come over to here and replace e three with the formula that was in e three and we can see
that The next one is F three.
So we can go to F three and copy the formula Copy.
That was in three.
So we can replace from both at three.
On.
Finally,
we can see that this G three so we can go to G three.
I think I can delete that bit now because we don't leave the space there.
Hopefully that's the works yet on.
We can copy the formula in G three,
copy and drop That rips its escape.
Alan on.
Copy that where?
It says G three.
So now we can delete thes three cells.
Delete Onda.
Copy that down.
And there we have our something else.
So here,
where are false statement is something else.
We're just going to take that formally.
We've just built up,
so I'm just gonna copy all of that,
and I'm gonna pace it over the false section of the test where we currently have something
else.
Paste.
Hey,
center on,
then.
Copy that down.
So now control it,
Colon e.
And they go,
There's your complex forming with the water posted you on the on the forum.
And that's exactly how I built the formula.
Hope that helps,
but as always.
If you have any questions,
drop me a line and also what I could do to help.
Have a great day and thanks again for the question.